Hello guys will come back to Bill in populate can only populate one level.
Let's say you want to populate products reviews owner attribute.
So for example in this case let's say we managed to populate with you and then we get owner often we
publish reviews right.
Owner and if we get the object idea but how do we know we cannot use it properly to properly even this
level.
So we need a new library to help us.
There's a library that fix this problem.
It is called mongoose populate.
So let us install this library.
So first do this and go to here.
And then you want to actually stall long as you pop the safe one safe.
We want to upgrade our product schema.
So by adding in an additional super power plug into it.
So let's go ahead and do it.
So let's import the dependency for us.
So we go to of Yes and here we want to talk to conc.
They are really going to require long.
And they want to pass on
right.
So the next one is going to add additional superpower products scheme.
So we tapping into Plug-In and part of the new.
So now prox Kema can do populate.
Let's go ahead and try to.
So first is we want to this is we dot deep pockets.
Right.
So for example if you want to populate this field we cannot just use Poppy we have to use dot D properly.
So let's good to on review.
Oops good to mean yes single product.
So for example let's say we want to walk to the right and use normal and not be saved this time ever
again.
And let's go ahead and send it again as you can see it populated the reviews of your ID.
But the owner is still an object.
We all want this.
So technically if we go to here and we try to do reviews the Boehner it's going to work center again
it will still be the same.
Even worse it isn't even populated.
So we go back here and change days to deep pocket books.
I was about to show you an awesome one so deep pocketed.
And let's go back to here and send Promissary solver.
Undefined is not a fun shows to go back here and see it as a problem.
Papilio So after some digging is actually factored into Jason the mongoose version is supposed to be
four point thirteen point seven.
Currently it is five five point zero point zero.
So in order for us to change back to the previous version because depopulate doesn't work with a new
version of mongoose.
So the only way to fix this is to do this all mongoose at four point thirteen point seven dash dash
space and roll back to that version.
So safe.
All right.
So run and see is
instead of or set the use mode client you have deprecation warning so we have to set mongoose line.
You want to go back to Servite O.J.'s here.
You want to use mobile client.
True.
And then you want see this there as it happens to be connected to the database.
Awesome.
So now let's go back to our Toseland and currently reviews you know haven't populated yet so we go back
to here Indo-U.S. which is here the populate it will populate the owner object.
So if you're into that so click send and then you go to revues attribute you see ID and it is populated.
The owners object id as well.
So next we want to do is to populate the categories ID so let's go back to here and over here you want
to do that for you when we do need to use depopulate because we just want to get the rating from the
in this video.
We learn how to populate even deeper level but it help a mongoose Dashti populate in the next video
we will learn how to calculate average rating for each product.
I'll see you guys in the next video.